docs for skip link (#4569)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/skip-link/index.mdx

---

> title: Skip Link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Skip link
```

data:

>   description: "`Skip Link` enable screen readers and keyboard users to bypass navigation and access main content directly, which is crucial for those with motor disabilities. These links help users avoid repetitive actions, making navigation more efficient and reducing accessibility barriers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "`SkipLink` enable screen readers and keyboard users to bypass navigation and access main content directly, which is crucial for those with motor disabilities. These links help users avoid repetitive actions, making navigation more efficient and reducing accessibility barriers."
```

  sourceCodeUrl: "https://github.com/jpmorganchase/salt-ds/tree/main/packages/lab/src/skip-link"
  package:
    name: "@salt-ds/lab"
  relatedComponents:
    [
      { name: "Link", relationship: "similarTo" },
      { name: "Navigation Item", relationship: "similarTo" },

>       { name: "Logo", relationship: "similarTo" },

Reviewer: Are these related components correct?
